>> Jen Kramer: So nice look at that
now we can actually read this and
get information out of it.
How cool is that?
Pretty sweet.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, so
our tables totally destroyed and
then we have to bring it back again.
The other thing that's missing here
is this caption is a little odd.
>> Jen Kramer: So, for
the caption we can go ahead and
say that the font-size: is 1.5rem or
whatever font size that you
happen to have from your type scale,
right, plug it right in here.
And we can say the text-align: is left and
the font-weight: is bold and
the margin: is 1rem auto.
And I did notice this as I was
working through some stuff,
it's still a bunched over here
on all the way over like this.
And it's basically what it's doing
is it's in line with the other
cells that are here and it's not
stretching the full width across this.
How are you guys doing?
>> Speaker 2: Is this captions not
displaying as block right now, right?
>> Jen Kramer: That could be.
>> Jen Kramer: There we go,
that's what I was doing thank you.
Display block, okay?
>> Jen Kramer: Nice.
>> Jen Kramer: How are we doing?
Good, are you happy?
Isn't that a much nicer thing to read?
>> Jen Kramer: Okay,
well you destroyed it now you gotta fix it
because that's the way it works, right?
So, if when we come back then to our media
query we gotta put it all back again.
>> Jen Kramer: I'm just picking
randomly 600 pixels, obviously,
it can be any value that you like.
This is the point where we're gonna
re-display this actually as a table.
And so, the first thing that your
gonna wanna do is you're gonna
wanna go to your thead tr which
we positioned off screen, right?
So now we're gonna put it
back to position: of static.
And when you do a position of static that
will actually bring it right back on
screen and
you don't even have to reset left and top.
By definition left and top are not
definable properties with the static,
when the value of the position is static,
so the headings will come right back.
>> Jen Kramer: Then we can
reset our thead and our tbody,
these are display values you
probably aren't familiar with but
this is what they are,
table-row-group, okay.
>> Jen Kramer: Our th and
our td: are display: of table-cell.
>> Jen Kramer: Getting better and better.
>> Jen Kramer: Our tr is a display: of
table-row,
>> Jen Kramer: And
our table is shockingly
a display: of table.
>> Jen Kramer: We may wanna do
some other things at this point.
We might wanna do a text-align:,
>> Jen Kramer: Left for
those headers that makes them
a little easier to read, okay.
>> Jen Kramer: What's the other
thing we're gonna have to do?
Anyone notice?
>> Speaker 3: Remove the before and
afters.
>> Jen Kramer: Remove our before and
So, the way that I did that,
>> Jen Kramer: Was I
did this I said td:nth-of-type,
>> Jen Kramer: (Odd):,
if somebody has a better way
of doing this please tell me,
before, td:nth-of-type,
>> Jen Kramer: (Even):before.
Wasn't sure how I could get
all of the nth-of-types and
this seemed like the fastest way to get
them all, we'll do both odds and evens,
that's why I've spelled them out.
By the way,
if you just say td:before where you were
like why aren't you doing that, Jen?
It will actually not be as specific,
right?
Because the specificity for
this very long selector that I
had before up here has a pseudo class in
it, a pseudo element, and an HTML tag.
As opposed to down here if
I just said td:: before
the specificity is actually very low for
that.
>> Speaker 3: Since you know that
the td's are inside of a tr could you
target td's inside of a tr
would that be more specific?
>> Jen Kramer: Again,
well, we could try it.
Let me finish my thought and
then we can try that.
I suspect not, but-
>> Speaker 4: No.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay.
Yeah, td:nth-of-type,
>> Jen Kramer: (Odd) once again,
::after, and td:nth-of-type,
>> Jen Kramer: (Even):: after.
Okay, then we could finally say,
content:,
>> Jen Kramer: Double quotes.
>> Jen Kramer: Phew,
that turns it all off.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, now,
one other thing that's going on here and
it has to do with our striping.
So if you will take
a look our style here for
our striping,
>> Jen Kramer: Where's the striping?
There it is.
So we said tr:nth-child,
let me make this a little bit darker so
you can see it up here on the screen.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay,
this is ridiculously dark okay, but
I want you to be able to
see what's happening here.
So we told it tr:nth-child(odd),
but yet the first and
the second rows are both
colored the same way.
Anyone have any idea why that is?
>> Speaker 3: The table head and
the table rows are considered-
>> Jen Kramer: Correct.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah, the table head and
the table rows, so it's numbering,
we're doing the odd and
even thing based on that.
So we have the thead this is
an odd it's the first one right?
And then we go on to the tbody and
there's the first one there, so
we wind up with two of the same color.
So we may wanna change this
odd to an even, right?
>> Jen Kramer: That's one possible, well,
actually they're both the same there too.
Or the other thing that you
could do would be to say
that your thead tr: can
actually technically,
eh that's good enough, just like that.
Then we could say it's a color of whatever
background color of some other color.
>> Jen Kramer: There,
terrible choice of color but
there you go it at least projects.
Okay, so there we go, so
our header is slightly different than
the striping in the rest of the document.
Make sense?
>> Jen Kramer: So
we totally broke our table and
then we had to reassemble it,
>> Jen Kramer: Cuz
that's the way Mobile-first works.
Yes?
>> Speaker 5: From that you can
just get rid of the odd and even-
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah.
>> Speaker 5: In the after,
>> Speaker 5: And before.
>> Jen Kramer: So you just said,
down to there that one.
So you just said
nth-of-type:before just like that?
>> Speaker 5: Just n like the for
letter t's n.
>> Jen Kramer: N?
>> Speaker 5: Yes-
>> Speaker 5: N minus-
>> Jen Kramer: Right.
>> Speaker 5: 1 or n plus 1 just
[INAUDIBLE]
>> Jen Kramer: There we go.
That's a great solution,
I like that much better just plain old n.
Thank you, that selects everything.